feat(dcgw): Managed cache 1.1 (#5051)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/faqs/resize-managed-cache.md

{% if include.section == "question" %}

Can I change the size of my managed cache after I've created it?
{% elsif include.section == "answer" %}

You can only upgrade the size of a managed cache, you can't downsize one. 

> If you want to downsize a cache, you must delete and recreate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can upgrade the size of a managed cache, but you can't downsize a cache. 
If you need a smaller cache, delete the existing cache and create a new one.
```
Suggesting rephrasing this to make it sound slightly less negative - starting with "you can only" immediately sounds like a limitation.
